Add support for Reth datadir snapshots (#59)
LiskHQ/lisk-node: README.md

## Snapshots

> **Note**:
> - Snapshots are available for both `op-geth` and `op-reth` clients:
>   - op-geth supports both export and datadir snapshots
>   - op-reth only supports datadir snapshots
> - All snapshots are from archival nodes
> - Snapshot types:
>   - `export`: small download size, slow to restore from, data is verified during restore (op-geth only)
>   - `datadir`: large download size, fast to restore from, no data verification during restore

### Docker

To enable auto-snapshot download and application, set the `APPLY_SNAPSHOT` environment variable to `true` when starting the node:
```sh
APPLY_SNAPSHOT=true docker compose up --build --detach
```

> To specify the client and snapshot type, use the `CLIENT` and `SNAPSHOT_TYPE` variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To specify the client and snapshot type, set both `CLIENT` and `SNAPSHOT_TYPE` variables:
```

> To specify the client and snapshot type, set both the `CLIENT` and `SNAPSHOT_TYPE` variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To specify the client and snapshot type, set both the `CLIENT` and `SNAPSHOT_TYPE` environment variables:
```
